[oddcontrast-tool] OddContrast Tool (#382)
oddbird/oddleventy: content/tools/oddcontrast.md

---
title: OddContrast
sub: Color contrast checker with Oklch, Oklab, P3, and more
feature: true
date: 2022-12-31
logo: oddcontrast
image:
  position: top
  src: projects/contrast.jpg
oss: owner
author: oddbird
index: OddContrast
links:
  site: https://www.oddcontrast.com/
  source: https://github.com/oddbird/oddcontrast
summary: |
  OddContrast is a color space converter,
  featuring newer color spaces like
  Oklch, Oklab, and P3.
  It's also a color contrast checker
  to help web designers meet
  WCAG 2 accessibility standards.
---

{% import 'embed.macros.njk' as embed %}

> ## Support for New Color Spaces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Support for Newer Color Formats and Spaces
```

In additional to Oklch, Oklab, and P3, OddContrast also includes hex, HSL, lab,
LCH, and sRGB. Enter a color from any color space and convert the color to any
other space. OddContrast provides an alert if the color you entered is out of
gamut for a given color space. Adjust the sliders until your desired color space
is back in gamut.

{{ embed.img(
  src='projects/out-of-gamut.jpg',
  alt='display-p3 light yellow color showing hexidecimal color
    outside the sRGB gamut and the hsl color outside the hsl gamut'
) }}

## Contrast Checker for Accessibility

OddContrast checks the contrast ratio between two colors and displays pass or
fail information based on the WCAG 2 accessibility standards for AA and AAA in

> normal and large font sizes. If you need a reminder of contrast ratio standard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
normal and large font sizes. If you need a reminder of the contrast ratio requirements
```

Reviewer: @SondraE wanted to double check with you on this one... I don't mind if you don't take the suggestions, but in the phrase "If you need a reminder of contrast ratio standard"  shouldn't that last word either be standards or the phrase would need a "the" before the word contrast? Or am I reading this out of context?

or what font size qualifies as large, OddContrast provides helpful tips and a
link to learn more about ratio requirements.

{{ embed.img(
  src='projects/color-ratio.jpg',
  alt='showing the red and yellow colors at 4.37:1 contrast ratio
    failing for AA Normal, AAA Normal, and AAA Large font sizes,
    but passing for AA Large font size'
) }}

> ## What New Features Should OddContrast Have?

Author: Added
